PascalABC.NET is:   
The new generation Pascal programming language, combining the simplicity of the classic Pascal, a number of modern extensions and huge capabilities of Microsoft .NET platform.
Free, simple and powerful integrated development environment.
Built-in form designer for rapid desktop applications development.
Unique Web environment that allows to develop and run PascalABC.NET, C#, Visual Basic.NET, F# or IronPython programs directly in the browser, with personal directory of programs on server.
 
Take 3 steps towards PascalABC.NET:

A. Download the latest version of PascalABC.NET
B. Open the Web development environment and run PascalABC.NET program directly from the browser!
C. Explore examples of PascalABC.NET programs

Learn Programming with PascalABC.NET!

Key features of PascalABC.NET

Several extensions of the Pascal language, including foreach operator, in-block variable definitions, auto type deduction in variable definitions, simplified syntax of modules, methods in records, method bodies inside class or record, the new operator to construct objects, anonymous classes, autoclasses, BigIntegers etc.
The most modern features of programming languages: n-dimensional dynamic arrays, generics, interfaces, operator overloading, exceptions, garbage collection, lambda expressions.
Efficient code generation for .NET platform.
High compatibility with Delphi.
High speed of program execution.
Access to a huge number of .NET libraries.
IDE with an integrated debugger, intellisense system, code templates and code auto-formatting.
Built-in forms designer for rapid development of desktop applications.
Simple and effective raster and vector graphics library.
Some OpenMP directives for parallel programming.
Robot and Drawman modules for school informatics.
Built-in Programming Taskbook.
Mechanism of automatic correctness checking of results computed by pupil's programs.
Web-development environment WDE, allowing to run the program directly from the browser.
Ability to publish Web link to a file stored in the Web development environment in the style of Google Docs.
Console compiler runs under Mono.

PascalABC.NET is a joint development of Russian and German programmers. In Russia, the development center is located at the Faculty of Mathematics, Mechanics and Computer Science, Southern Federal University.
PascalABC.NET is actively used in a number of secondary schools and higher universities of Russia and neighboring countries. In Southern Federal University, it is used as the main language for teaching students of Information technology in the course "Fundamentals of programming" and  for teaching children in one of the largest Russian Children's 
computer school.

Simple, powerful, freeware - this is a PascalABC.NET!
