createskelprog 
     
     
Format 
    createskelprog CGT-file Template-File [Target-File] 
     
Overview 
    One of the key obstacles for those using a specific implementation of the 
    Engine is interacting with a table of rules and symbols. Each rule and 
    symbol is to be uniquely identified by a table index. If a rule, for 
    instance, has an index of 10 in the parse tables, the developer must use 
    this value in their programs.  
    
    Manually typing each constant definition can be both tedious and 
    problematic - given that a single incorrect constant could be difficult to 
    debug. For most programming languages and scripting languages, the number 
    of rules can easily exceed a hundred.  
    
    Program Templates are designed to resolve this issue. Essentially, program 
    templates are a type of tool designed to help the programmer create a 
    "skeleton program" which contains the source code that is necessary to use 
    a particular implementation of the Engine. For instance, if an Engine is 
    created for the Java Programming Language, a Program Template can be used 
    to create a basic skeleton program to use it. This skeleton program would 
    contain the necessary declarations and function calls to the Engine. In 
    other words, Program Templates help a programmer use an Engine.  
    
    This program does not create any on-screen text. This allows the program to 
    be easily be called from other applications. To check whether a grammar was 
    successly analyzed, check the content of the target file. 


Details 
    CGT File
        Required. The Compiled Grammar Table file (.cgt) is created by the 
        Builder application. 
        
    Template File 
        Required. The Windows version of the Builder stores all program 
        templates in a subfolder of the main application. The command line
        version, however, accesses program templates from the current path.  

    Target File 
        Optional. If this field is left blank, the goldbuilder program will
        automatically create a filename using the CGT filename. The new
        filename will contain the same base, but will have the extension 
        specified in the template file. For example, test.cgt could create
        test.cpp (if "cpp" is the extension specified in the template). 
    